hey guys this is Matthew unboxes I'm
here to bring you the first video on my
youtube channel I am really sorry it
took so long to get a video it's just my
package took a month and I have to get
here I mean really but that's all I have
to say so let's just get to it the
package looks like someone ate Doritos
or something and wiped it all over the
package no you can't see it in the video
but yeah I went ahead and marked out the
important stuff came from Japan so
whenever I opened it the first time to
make sure I actually got the real thing
because I know Japan has this / China
has this thing with sending fake things
wow it's just said things three times in
sentence well I did check it and I
didn't really do anything with it this
is a gaming mouse it is a ways or weye s
I don't really know because I don't know
how to focus this camera yet I just got
it umm it is a 60 gamers mouse it has a
dpi button it goes from really slow to
really fast you got your back and
forward buttons and it glows out of
these pockets right here so let me pick
this off right here
sorry about the lighting god
it does
we got the string of this is really
awesome it's like it feels like a really
good shoestring if that's what I can say
and this is awesome too
I know it sounds or the way I'm making
this video sounds really stupid but this
is my first unboxing and in a few days I
will be unboxing
Triton's for ps3 gaming oh that's sexy
oh that's real nice it's like heaven
it's really a nice design here
it has whenever you pick it up or lay it
down the it changes colors of the snakes
and now you can't see it because I can't
focus this camera hey I think it's
really awesome you guys just really need
to get your hands on one of these there
are only $15 I will put it in the wink
in the description wow this thing is
just beautiful
I am NOT left-handed I am just holding
the camera with my right hand and it
yeah really nice
well guys like comment and subscribe and
I will be getting better at doing these
on boxes I'm sorry this one is not the
best but I tried well see you guys later
toast my match